_sidebar.md, before:

- [BoostKPI docs](/)
- [FAQ](/README.md#faq)

- BoostKPI Overview
  - [What is BoostKPI](/overview/index.md#what-is-boostkpi)
  - [Key features](/overview/index.md#key-features)
  - [Dashboard overview](/overview/index.md#dashboard-overview-video)

- Account management
  - [Invite users](/account-management/index.md#invite-users)
  - [Resetting password](/account-management/index.md#resetting-password)

- Root-cause analysis (Investigation)
  - Investigate page features
    - [Investigation period](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigation-period)
    - [Baseline](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#baseline)
    - [Tabs](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#tabs)
    - [Investigate page tour](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigate-page-tour)
    - [Heatmap interpretation](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#heatmap-interpretation)
  - Investigate page chart display
    - [Dataset granularity](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#dataset-granularity)
    - [Related KPIs](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#related-kpis)
    - [Data filters](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#data-filters)
    - [Merging charts into one](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#merging-charts-into-one)

- Dataset, KPI, Views and Snapshots
  - [What is a dataset / KPI?](/basics/index.md#what-is-a-dataset--kpi)
  - [Managing datasets](/basics/index.md#managing-datasets)
  - [Creating a derived KPI](/basics/index.md#creating-a-derived-kpi)
  - [Marking KPI as a cost metric](/basics/index.md#marking-kpi-as-a-cost-metric)
  - [Raw data preview](/basics/index.md#raw-data-preview)
  - [Dashboard-view](/basics/index.md#dashboard-view)
  - [Lookup datasets](/basics/index.md#lookup-datasets)

- Data Import
  - [Supported data sources](/data-import/index.md#supported-data-sources)
  - [BigQuery data import](/data-import/index.md#bigquery-data-import)
  - [Granting BoostKPI access to your BigQuery tables](/data-import/index.md?granting-boostkpi-access-to-your-bigquery-tables)
  - [IP addresses white-listing](/data-import/index.md#ip-address-white-listing)
  - [Scheduled vs. one-off imports](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
  - [CSV file import](/data-import/index.md#csv-file-import)
    - [Types of supported csv imports](/data-import/index.md#types-of-supported-csv-imports)
  - [Import process](/data-import/index.md#import-process)
  - [Refreshing already imported data](/data-import/index.md#refreshing-already-imported-data--scheduled-)
  - [Data import step-by-step guide](/data-import/guide/index.md)
    - [Importing data into BoostKPI](/data-import/guide/index.md#importing-data-into-boostkpi)
    - [Importing tips](/data-import/guide/index.md#importing-tips)
    - [Data modeling tips](/data-import/guide/index.md#data-modeling-tips)
    - [After importing](/data-import/guide/index.md#after-importing)

- Alerts
  - [What are alerts](/alerts/index.md#what-are-alerts)
  - [Example alerts](/alerts/index.md#example-alerts)
  - [Support for rolling-7-day alerts](/alerts/index.md#support-for-rolling-7-day-alerts)
  - [Alerts based on target](/alerts/index.md#alerts-based-on-target)
  - [Alerts routing to specific email addresses](/alerts/index.md#alerts-routing-to-specific-email-address)

- Anomaly API
  - [How can I fetch anomalies through the API?](/api/index.md#fetch-anomalies)

- Troubleshooting
  - [Blank/Incomplete page](/troubleshooting/index.md#blank-page) 

- Miscellaneous
  - [Why we are named "BoostKPI"](/miscellaneous/index.md#why-are-we-named--boostkpi-)
  - [I have a different question that is not covered here](/miscellaneous/index.md#i-have-a-different-question-that-is-not-covered-here)
  - [How do I change the charts that are displayed in my dashboard-view?](/miscellaneous/index.md#how-do-i-change-the-charts-that-are-displayed-in-my-dashboard-view)
  - [Charts on smaller screens](/miscellaneous/index.md#charts-on-smaller-screens)

- [Release notes](/release-notes/index.md)

Commit message:

Add overview and drilldown api faq (#4)
* Add overview and drilldown api faq

* Typo fix

* CR fixes

_sidebar.md, after:

- [BoostKPI docs](/)
- [FAQ](/README.md#faq)

- BoostKPI Overview
  - [What is BoostKPI](/overview/index.md#what-is-boostkpi)
  - [Key features](/overview/index.md#key-features)
  - [Dashboard overview](/overview/index.md#dashboard-overview-video)

- Account management
  - [Invite users](/account-management/index.md#invite-users)
  - [Resetting password](/account-management/index.md#resetting-password)

- Root-cause analysis (Investigation)
  - Investigate page features
    - [Investigation period](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigation-period)
    - [Baseline](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#baseline)
    - [Tabs](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#tabs)
    - [Investigate page tour](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigate-page-tour)
    - [Heatmap interpretation](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#heatmap-interpretation)
  - Investigate page chart display
    - [Dataset granularity](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#dataset-granularity)
    - [Related KPIs](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#related-kpis)
    - [Data filters](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#data-filters)
    - [Merging charts into one](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#merging-charts-into-one)

- Dataset, KPI, Views and Snapshots
  - [What is a dataset / KPI?](/basics/index.md#what-is-a-dataset--kpi)
  - [Managing datasets](/basics/index.md#managing-datasets)
  - [Creating a derived KPI](/basics/index.md#creating-a-derived-kpi)
  - [Marking KPI as a cost metric](/basics/index.md#marking-kpi-as-a-cost-metric)
  - [Raw data preview](/basics/index.md#raw-data-preview)
  - [Dashboard-view](/basics/index.md#dashboard-view)
  - [Lookup datasets](/basics/index.md#lookup-datasets)

- Data Import
  - [Supported data sources](/data-import/index.md#supported-data-sources)
  - [BigQuery data import](/data-import/index.md#bigquery-data-import)
  - [Granting BoostKPI access to your BigQuery tables](/data-import/index.md?granting-boostkpi-access-to-your-bigquery-tables)
  - [IP addresses white-listing](/data-import/index.md#ip-address-white-listing)
  - [Scheduled vs. one-off imports](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
  - [CSV file import](/data-import/index.md#csv-file-import)
    - [Types of supported csv imports](/data-import/index.md#types-of-supported-csv-imports)
  - [Import process](/data-import/index.md#import-process)
  - [Refreshing already imported data](/data-import/index.md#refreshing-already-imported-data--scheduled-)
  - [Data import step-by-step guide](/data-import/guide/index.md)
    - [Importing data into BoostKPI](/data-import/guide/index.md#importing-data-into-boostkpi)
    - [Importing tips](/data-import/guide/index.md#importing-tips)
    - [Data modeling tips](/data-import/guide/index.md#data-modeling-tips)
    - [After importing](/data-import/guide/index.md#after-importing)

- Alerts
  - [What are alerts](/alerts/index.md#what-are-alerts)
  - [Example alerts](/alerts/index.md#example-alerts)
  - [Support for rolling-7-day alerts](/alerts/index.md#support-for-rolling-7-day-alerts)
  - [Alerts based on target](/alerts/index.md#alerts-based-on-target)
  - [Alerts routing to specific email addresses](/alerts/index.md#alerts-routing-to-specific-email-address)

- API **(EXPERIMENTAL)**
  - [How can I fetch anomalies through the API?](/api/index.md#fetch-anomalies)
  - [How can I fetch the drilldown data through the API?](/api/index.md#drilldown-data)
  - [How can I fetch the overview or heatmap data through the API?](/api/index.md#overview-heatmap)
  - [How do I authenticate when using the API?](/api/index.md#authenticate)

- Troubleshooting
  - [Blank/Incomplete page](/troubleshooting/index.md#blank-page) 

- Miscellaneous
  - [Why we are named "BoostKPI"](/miscellaneous/index.md#why-are-we-named--boostkpi-)
  - [I have a different question that is not covered here](/miscellaneous/index.md#i-have-a-different-question-that-is-not-covered-here)
  - [How do I change the charts that are displayed in my dashboard-view?](/miscellaneous/index.md#how-do-i-change-the-charts-that-are-displayed-in-my-dashboard-view)
  - [Charts on smaller screens](/miscellaneous/index.md#charts-on-smaller-screens)

- [Release notes](/release-notes/index.md)
