README.md, before:

# Welcome to BoostKPI docs

## FAQ

### BoostKPI Overview
- [What is BoostKPI? What are its key features?](/overview/index.md#what-is-boostkpi)
- [How is the BoostKPI dashboard organized?](/overview/index.md#key-features)
- [Can I get a tour of the features on any page…](/overview/index.md#key-features)
- [Can I see an overview video of the features?](/overview/index.md#dashboard-overview-video)
- [How do you pronounce BoostKPI? Why did you choose the…](/miscellaneous/index.md#why-are-we-named--boostkpi-)

### Account Management
- [How do I invite users?](/account-management/index.md#invite-users)
- [How do I reset my password?](/account-management/index.md#resetting-password)
- [I see a blank page when I go to BoostKPI.…](/troubleshooting/index.md#blank-page)

### Investigate-page (root-cause-analysis) Features
- [What is the investigation period?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigation-period)
- [What does baseline mean? What does wo1w, wo2w,…](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#baseline)
- [What do each of the tabs show: Heatmap, Overview…](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#tabs)
- [How do I get a tour of the investigate-page?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigate-page-tour)
- [How do I interpret the heatmap?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#heatmap-interpretation)

### Investigate-page (root-cause-analysis) Chart Display
- [I have a daily dataset. Can I view the data…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#dataset-granularity)
- [I’m on a small screen and the chart looks really small…](/miscellaneous/index.md#charts-on-smaller-screens)
- [How do I view related KPIs on the chart?](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#related-kpis)
- [How do I view the chart just for the US (…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#data-filters)
- [Can I view all the lines in the same chart?…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#merging-charts-into-one)

### Dataset, KPI, Dashboard-views, and Snapshots
- [What is a dataset? What is a KPI?](/basics/index.md#what-is-a-dataset--kpi)
- [How do I manage datasets? How can I search for…](/basics/index.md#managing-datasets)
- [How do I create a derived KPI?](/basics/index.md#creating-a-derived-kpi)
- [How do I mark a KPI as a cost metric?…](/basics/index.md#marking-kpi-as-a-cost-metric)
- [Can I see the raw data on which BoostKPI is doing…](/basics/index.md#raw-data-preview)
- [What is a BoostKPI dashboard-view? Can I get…](/basics/index.md#dashboard-view)
- [What is a lookup dataset?](/basics/index.md#lookup-datasets)

### Data Import
- [Which data sources does BoostKPI connect to?](/data-import/index.md#supported-data-sources)
- [Which IP addresses will BoostKPI use to access my data source…](/data-import/index.md#ip-address-white-listing)
- [What is the difference between scheduled and one-off imports…](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
- [Does BoostKPI support csv file import ?](/data-import/index.md#csv-file-import)
- [What types of csv imports are supported?](/data-import/index.md#types-of-supported-csv-imports)
- [Where do I find more information about the import process?](/data-import/index.md#import-process)
- [Does BoostKPI support one-off imports?](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
- [For scheduled imports, can BoostKPI refresh old data in addition…](/data-import/index.md#refreshing-already-imported-data--scheduled-)

### Alerts
- [What are alerts? What kind of alert configurations do you…](/alerts/index.md#what-are-alerts)
- [Where can I see example alerts?](/alerts/index.md#example-alerts)
- [Do you support rolling-7-day alerts?](/alerts/index.md#support-for-rolling-7-day-alerts)
- [Do you support alerts based on targets? For example,…](/alerts/index.md#alerts-based-on-target)
- [I want some alerts being routed to one group email address…](/alerts/index.md#alerts-routing-to-specific-email-address)

### API
- [How can I fetch anomalies through the API?](/api/index.md#fetch-anomalies)

### Miscellaneous
- [I have a different question that is not covered here.](/miscellaneous/index.md#i-have-a-different-question-that-is-not-covered-here)
- [How do I change the charts that are displayed in my…](/miscellaneous/index.md#how-do-i-change-the-charts-that-are-displayed-in-my-dashboard-view)

Commit message:

Add overview and drilldown api faq (#4)
* Add overview and drilldown api faq

* Typo fix

* CR fixes

README.md, after:

# Welcome to BoostKPI docs

## FAQ

### BoostKPI Overview
- [What is BoostKPI? What are its key features?](/overview/index.md#what-is-boostkpi)
- [How is the BoostKPI dashboard organized?](/overview/index.md#key-features)
- [Can I get a tour of the features on any page…](/overview/index.md#key-features)
- [Can I see an overview video of the features?](/overview/index.md#dashboard-overview-video)
- [How do you pronounce BoostKPI? Why did you choose the…](/miscellaneous/index.md#why-are-we-named--boostkpi-)

### Account Management
- [How do I invite users?](/account-management/index.md#invite-users)
- [How do I reset my password?](/account-management/index.md#resetting-password)
- [I see a blank page when I go to BoostKPI.…](/troubleshooting/index.md#blank-page)

### Investigate-page (root-cause-analysis) Features
- [What is the investigation period?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigation-period)
- [What does baseline mean? What does wo1w, wo2w,…](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#baseline)
- [What do each of the tabs show: Heatmap, Overview…](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#tabs)
- [How do I get a tour of the investigate-page?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#investigate-page-tour)
- [How do I interpret the heatmap?](/rootcause/investigation-features/index.md#heatmap-interpretation)

### Investigate-page (root-cause-analysis) Chart Display
- [I have a daily dataset. Can I view the data…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#dataset-granularity)
- [I’m on a small screen and the chart looks really small…](/miscellaneous/index.md#charts-on-smaller-screens)
- [How do I view related KPIs on the chart?](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#related-kpis)
- [How do I view the chart just for the US (…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#data-filters)
- [Can I view all the lines in the same chart?…](/rootcause/chart-investigation/index.md#merging-charts-into-one)

### Dataset, KPI, Dashboard-views, and Snapshots
- [What is a dataset? What is a KPI?](/basics/index.md#what-is-a-dataset--kpi)
- [How do I manage datasets? How can I search for…](/basics/index.md#managing-datasets)
- [How do I create a derived KPI?](/basics/index.md#creating-a-derived-kpi)
- [How do I mark a KPI as a cost metric?…](/basics/index.md#marking-kpi-as-a-cost-metric)
- [Can I see the raw data on which BoostKPI is doing…](/basics/index.md#raw-data-preview)
- [What is a BoostKPI dashboard-view? Can I get…](/basics/index.md#dashboard-view)
- [What is a lookup dataset?](/basics/index.md#lookup-datasets)

### Data Import
- [Which data sources does BoostKPI connect to?](/data-import/index.md#supported-data-sources)
- [Which IP addresses will BoostKPI use to access my data source…](/data-import/index.md#ip-address-white-listing)
- [What is the difference between scheduled and one-off imports…](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
- [Does BoostKPI support csv file import ?](/data-import/index.md#csv-file-import)
- [What types of csv imports are supported?](/data-import/index.md#types-of-supported-csv-imports)
- [Where do I find more information about the import process?](/data-import/index.md#import-process)
- [Does BoostKPI support one-off imports?](/data-import/index.md#scheduled-vs-one-off-imports)
- [For scheduled imports, can BoostKPI refresh old data in addition…](/data-import/index.md#refreshing-already-imported-data--scheduled-)

### Alerts
- [What are alerts? What kind of alert configurations do you…](/alerts/index.md#what-are-alerts)
- [Where can I see example alerts?](/alerts/index.md#example-alerts)
- [Do you support rolling-7-day alerts?](/alerts/index.md#support-for-rolling-7-day-alerts)
- [Do you support alerts based on targets? For example,…](/alerts/index.md#alerts-based-on-target)
- [I want some alerts being routed to one group email address…](/alerts/index.md#alerts-routing-to-specific-email-address)

### API
- [How can I fetch anomalies through the API?](/api/index.md#fetch-anomalies)
- [How can I fetch the drilldown data through the API?](/api/index.md#drilldown-data)
- [How can I fetch the overview or heatmap data through the API?](/api/index.md#overview-heatmap)
- [How do I authenticate when using the API?](/api/index.md#authenticate)

### Miscellaneous
- [I have a different question that is not covered here.](/miscellaneous/index.md#i-have-a-different-question-that-is-not-covered-here)
- [How do I change the charts that are displayed in my…](/miscellaneous/index.md#how-do-i-change-the-charts-that-are-displayed-in-my-dashboard-view)
